"A wolf has no mercy."
"The Medardas do not forgive, or forget."
" Noxus prizes strength above all else. But sacrifice, is the mark of a true warrior."
"Stand and fight! Medardas do not suffer the useless."
"As your General, all of your mistakes reflect on my leadership. You would be wise to remember that."
"I demand absolute loyalty from my soldiers. Do not test me."
"Most of you will die; an easy sacrifice."
"So, my daughter has finally embraced the  Wolf. Show me what you've become."
"You've changed, Mel. Perhaps now you won't disappoint me."
"Mel… I always knew this day would come."
"Through cunning, sweat and steel, I shape my destiny."
"No enemy or ally will stand in my way."
"To those who underestimate me: I will prove you wrong!"
"I take what I am owed."
"I've fought—and won—countless battles!"
"My place in this world: I have earned it, bled for it."
"I will never stumble; never break."
"Trust must be earned… but few are ever worthy."
"We earn our peace through conquest!"
"Even pawns have a role to play."
"Medardas are loyal to our own."
"Everything is for my family's legacy."
"My children are my greatest strength. And greatest weakness…"
"A warrior. A mother. There is no difference!"
"The soul is strong, where the heart is weak."
"I have known death since I was a child. My grandfather made sure of it."
"There is no greater motivation… than grief."
"I will live to see tomorrow."
"Tunnels in your eyes. Lava in your veins. Shadows in your heart."
"The battlefield is a game won with cunning and control."
"Like the fox, we watch, Listen… And like the wolf, we strike at first opportunity!"
"Mercy is foolish. We do what we must, to survive."
"Weaknesses can be exploited. I turn mine into strengths!"
"Strength deepens with sacrifice; and I have given everything."
"We cannot spoil the young—this world is unforgiving!"
"Distractions create wounds that never close! But my children are worth every scar."
"I would set the world ablaze to protect my family."
"I did not truly know love, until I held Kino in my arms for the first time."
"Kino strayed too far… Slipped through my fingers like sand. I will not lose my  daughter to the same fate."
"The shadow beneath my daughter grows longer. By securing power, I can protect her."
"All will be crushed by the full might of the Medardas!"
"Requesting my audience? How bold! Others have lost their head for less."
"A pity you will not live long enough to regret this!"
"Grovel before me, or I'll subject you to a fate worse than death!"
"You think yourself my equal? HAAA, HA-HA-HAA!!!"
"Kiramman. You think it wise to bite the hand that feeds you?"
"The hand of  Noxus… Hope you're not too attached to that title."
"'The man of progress'? You stood on the shoulders of giants to build your legacy."
"'Progress' aged you terribly, boy."
"Jinx. My daughter wouldn't bring you to heel, so I will."
"Sending my daughter after me, you wretched witch. Too afraid to get your own hands dirty?"
"Show me all that you have learned, Mel."
"So, you have embraced the Wolf? Have you finally realized your potential, Mel?"
"The exile. You betrayed your nation for a useless cause. Pathetic."
"The Desert Rose! As wild as they say. I look forward to this."
"Jericho Swain: a raven will never kill a wolf."
"Your absence provided a vacuum I was able to fill, Vi. Let me show you my gratitude."
"You think yourself a god, Viktor. Let's see if you still bleed."
"I will give you purpose, beast… as my weapon of war!"
"I could use a massage. Tell me… Are you good with your hands?"
"Is there no one worth fighting?!"
"Someone's a glutton for punishment."
"I didn't realize I'd get to sample the local fare so soon!"
"Quit acting the fool!"
"Embrace your demise!"
"Pain: the best teacher!"
"Respect the Medardas!"
"Fight with dignity."
"Look me in the eye!"
"Ancestors: Hear out thunder!"
"Hubris ends in death."
"My steel never dulls."
"I will SQUASH you, bug!"
"Your hide will become my platemail, dragon!"
"An Elder dragon! YOUR POWER WILL HASTEN MY CONQUEST!"
"I've fell mightier foes than you, Baron!"
"My drakehound's bite's DEEP!"
"You're in my range!"
"Never speak ill of my family."
"The frail have no business in battle!"
"Hah. A waste of my energy."
"All is fair in love, and war."
"Vision, might, even guille—you lacked all of them."
"The choice is simple: yield, or be cut down."
"You should've pledged your loyalty… to me."
"Your arrogance was your undoing."
"Watch and learn, Mel."
"See, child? I will give you the world!"
"Remember your studies, Mel."
"I made you who you are, Kiramman. And I can unmake you just as easily."
"Might doesn't solve every problem, boy."
"Your brother must be ashamed he's related to such… filth."
"What did my daughter see in you, Jayce? I taught her better."
"You outlived your use, Jinx."
"Even a child could see through your illusions."
"Ever the Fox, little girl—sly, but soft."
"A rose may have thorns; but a wolf, has fangs."
"All vision, no foresight."
"Don't worry, Vi;  your city is in much better hands now!"
"Men. They all think themselves gods."
"You would've better served as my beast of war."
"Be proud, Noxian: there is no greater honor than to face death without fear."
"For a life of struggle and sublimation, consider your death… a gift."
"War begins with the first drop of blood!"
"Wrath is necessary to defeat our enemies, Mel."
"Maybe there is more to your magic, Mel."
"Still need your mother to help you finish the job."
"You take after your father more than you know, child."
"THE WORLD KNEELS TO THE MEDARDAS!"
"Mmmm… Perhaps there's time to sample the local cuisine…!"
"A mother's work is never done!"
"Rest is just fuel for the bloodshed, to follow."
"Looks like I need to find my entertainment elsewhere!"
"Can't leave the children unattended for long!"
"I go… to my ancestors…"
"The Medardas… live on…"
"Any enemy of mine, is an enemy of my family."
"Wrath WILL be met with wrath!"
"I will regain control."
"Their insolence will be repaid in blood."
"Remain centered—desperation is the doorway to oblivion."
