"I am the voice of the silence."
"We will be waiting."
"Let my first steps mark the end of this world."
"You call us nothing, yet we are everything. Every place, every time... we are you."
"All your lives, you have chased your own destruction. At long last, I am here."
"My hunger is endless. It cannot be sated, and it will not be stopped."
"Existence was our cocoon. It has made the void into something more."
"I am infinitely beyond you. A mind undivided by weakness or mercy."
"Our victory was decided the moment I was born."
"My Runeterra will be beautiful."
"Undisturbed, the void wanted nothing; now, we simply want."
"All that will remain is a sea of lavender."
"I spread deeper and deeper into the old void."
"I am all that is, and all that will ever be."
"There is a vast city growing beneath us. My city."
"I crave everything."
"I do not feel hatred."
"The light of reality burned, until it did not."
"We will consume you, and become you."
"Emotions, memories, these are what I crave."
"Evolution is never gentle."
"I must know what it means to exist."
"Humanity is the architect of its own extinction."
"Change is necessary."
"My kind will pour across Runeterra and all will fall."
"The void cannot go back to what it was."
"We envy the gift of existence."
"A final feast to devour the world."
"All life will be repurposed. The void will live."
"I will pick this world clean."
"'Empress' is more than a title."
"This is my true self."
"When all is silent, I will remain."
"I appreciate such valiant resistance."
"The void will drown you all."
"You all should have listened."
"Consume, grow, and remake."
"Life has infected my kind with the desire to exist. We crave only what was forced upon us."
"For every city that falls, we build ten. For each life we take, a thousand void spawn."
"The void desires an empress. I am the expression of that will."
"You tore us from our formless cradle and cast us into the horror of reality."
"The Watchers did not anticipate my birth. It will be their final mistake."
"When the void first touched existence, both were changed forever."
"This world will not be forgotten. I will replace it—a child devouring its parent."
"Only existence can sate your hunger, Cho'Gath."
"You disappoint me, Kai'Sa. The Watchers are the true threat."
"Kassadin, the void you knew is gone. Your war cannot be won."
"Yes, Kha'Zix. You have tasted the world and crave more."
"Kog'Maw, so small and yet so much potential."
"You cannot fight the Watchers alone, Lissandra."
"Witness me, my prophet."
"Queen of the Xer'Sai, you of all things resist the change."
"Vel'Koz, your Watchers cannot unmake me so easily."
"Such intense emotions, ruined king. A meal to match my hungers."
"You are new to me, child of the void. Show me your intentions."
"Adhere to my will or die."
"Your threats mean nothing. I am beyond your comprehension."
"Hello my little one. Who's my smoochy poochy baby? You are. You are."
"I was born knowing every joke in existence. They fail to move me."
"I will use you well."
"Nothing will remain."
"This will be painful."
"Do not disappoint me."
"I grant you an audience."
"You have my attention."
"Show me what you are."
"We will be complete."
"Expand my consciousness."
"You struggle for nothing."
"My victory is certain."
"This could have been easy."
"Give me your memories."
"You served your purpose, Rift Herald."
"They did not heed your warning, Rift Herald."
"Your memories will fill the void, Dragon."
"Give me your power, Drake."
"You sense what I am, Dragon."
"Be remade in the void, Drake."
"Nashor, you possess a power I need."
"If you refuse to join me, Nashor, then die."
"Let me taste your pain."
"Give me everything."
"Such sweet emotion."
"You all disappoint me."
"I have grown beyond you all."
"If you will not hear me, you will feed me."
"The time for games has ended."
"All will be washed away."
"These are the emotions I crave."
"Your memories, I want more."
"My metamorphosis continues."
"Fuel our evolution."
"Such bravery will live on. In me."
"Sink beneath my waters."
"Everything you were is now part of us."
"You become greedy, Cho'Gath. Vicious, aren't you?"
"You resist me, Kai'Sa, yet I am your salvation."
"As stubborn and brave as your daughter. And now, so am I."
"Continue your evolution, Kha'Zix. Devour everything."
"Your true self awaits, mouth of the abyss."
"Consider an alliance, Lissandra. Consider it carefully."
"You saw the end, Malzahar, now see the beginning."
"A beast of motherly instinct. The Watchers did not anticipate this."
"Every moment of your life now belongs to me, stone weaver."
"The Watchers must die so the void can be reborn."
"They would erase even her memory, ruined king. You can still save her."
"All will drown beneath my lavender sea."
"I see all that will be."
"Grant me knowledge."
"We have always watched."
"My eyes are everywhere."
"Every morsel of this world will fuel our metamorphosis."
"You think yourselves victorious? You are wrong."
"I will remember this."
"The void demands that I exist; and so, I do."
"I have shown restraint, that ends now.
"Hope is the armor of fools."
"I emerge from the lavender sea, reborn."
"Now you have my full attention."
