"Shall I turn in my badge and rifle as well?"
"My duty is to protect the citizens of Piltover, and I will see that through."
"So close to a breakthrough. All I must do is connect the dots."
"I'm placing my trust in you lot. Let's see this case through... and try not to disappoint me."
"It's easy to overlook the rust beneath the gilding, but I never miss a detail."
"Every case, every investigation brings me one step closer to justice."
"It should be progress, not power and fear, that leads Piltover into the future."
"I ought to thank 'C' for setting me on this path. Life in prison seems a proper gift, does it not?"
"I'll be keeping a close eye on you, Jinx. You've caused enough chaos as it is."
"I'm glad you'll have my back, Vi. Let's keep the chaos to a minimum, shall we?"
"The law bends for no one."
"Crime is common, logic is rare."
"No stone left unturned."
"Me, miss? Not by a long shot."
"Never a dull moment."
"A true professional is always aware of her surroundings."
"I will not tolerate lawlessness."
"I must always be three steps ahead."
"Even the smallest clue can break a case."
"I love a good chase."
"I'm not here to serve. I'm here to protect."
"I do love a good mystery."
"Let's crack this case wide open."
"Always maintain a proper chain of command."
"I'll have this finished before tea time."
"The heart of Piltover is its people."
"I much prefer this to desk duty."
"Someone call for a sheriff?"
"I cannot afford to falter."
"It's my business to know what others do not."
"Let's do this by the book."
"No matter the situation, a good investigator always remains calm."
"They cannot run from the long arm of the law... nor from the scope of my rifle."
"One must never start an investigation without first examining the evidence."
"I always aim to win. And my aim is perfect."
"I am not Piltover's dog. I work for its people, no one else."
"Laws mean nothing when they fail to protect the public."
"Anything you say can and will be used against you."
"I have all the evidence I need."
"This can only end with you behind bars."
"I'll take you and your confession back to HQ."
"I know you're hiding something, Camille. I just need to prove it."
"Our values aren't so different, Ekko. Neither are Piltover and Zaun..."
"There is more to life than chasing glory, Ezreal."
"Am I to be the test subject for your latest invention, Heimerdinger?"
"Jayce, is this really the way to create a better tomorrow?"
"Is there a point to this madness, Jinx, or is it just a channel for your pain?"
"This time, Urgot, I'll send you straight to prison myself."
"I never thought I would stand opposite you again, Vi..."
"Progress is essential to survival. But not like this, Viktor."
"Well, this is certainly interesting. Zac, was it?"
"Aww, a Yordle. How cute."
"Think you're above the law? Think again."
"Admitting your guilt? How generous."
"You have the right to remain silent. I advise you use it."
"Stay out of my way!"
"I'll make this quick."
"This is where you yield!"
"No more cat-and-mouse."
"You cannot outrun your crimes!"
"Got them in my sights."
"Let's rack this up."
"Pay no attention to the trap."
"Right where I want you."
"So, it has come to this."
"I would've preferred you in cuffs."
"On to the next case."
"Camille, I will not stop until I have all the answers."
"I cannot change the past, Ekko. But together, we can create a better future."
"Now, Ezreal, I'll take these artifacts as evidence."
"I hope you achieved the results you wanted, Heimerdinger."
"Our future will be bright, Jayce. I promise you."
"Perhaps Piltover can rest easy without you, Jinx. But Vi..."
"I was so looking forward to your next concert, Seraphine."
"A cell would've suited you much better, Urgot!"
"I never wanted this, Vi..."
"This 'glorious evolution'... it will not be our fate, Viktor."
"There are easier ways to create a kinder world, Zac."
"Ready to surrender yet?"
"Perfect practice, precise results."
"Well that's going to take a great deal of paperwork."
"Hardly what I'd call a defense."
"Securing the perimeter."
"If crime never sleeps, then I'd best put on another pot of tea."
"Do not disturb the crime scene until I return."
"Be good while I'm gone, won't you?"
"Can't leave this unsolved..."
"I cannot let them down..."
"I'm back on the case! And this time I will not fail."
"I'll be adding that to the charges."
"It seems I may have a new suspect..."
"The Sheriff's in town."
"I've got a  cupcake for you, little Yordle."
"Sharp shooting, everyone."
