"Precision is the difference between a butcher and a surgeon."
"I will wait for you to be better."
"Progress should never be kept waiting."
"I go where the work leads."
"I remain human... for the most part."
"Authorizing deadly force."
"Command line received: Kill-Dash-Nine."
"Technology and I have a... complicated relationship."
"I'm what you would call a 'deniable asset'."
"I ensure the survival of Piltover."
"They pay me to find problems... and then dispose of them."
"Progress is honed on necessary death."
"This is simply my profession."
"The harsh memory of one's past does not soften with age."
"Regret is what tempers the steel of our soul."
"The right word cuts more deeply than a knife."
"Fear sharpens every blade."
"I don't play the game, I make the rules."
"It's not lies that cut, but the sharpness of the truth."
"Sometimes, ambitions must be restrained."
"Extremes are easy, it's the balance that is difficult."
"Violence is a means to an end."
"Morality is a beautiful servant and a dangerous master."
"Elegance never goes out of fashion."
"We all have lines. I may have crossed mine."
"Another step on the march of progress."
"Everything has a place. Forgetting yours is dangerous."
"I am employed when negotiations fail."
"Society needs rules."
"Self-made women need to be more prevalent."
"Privilege must be preserved at all costs."
"It is not the weapon that defines you, but how you wield it."
"Being nice is so tedious."
"Sometimes scars are the most refined attire one can wear."
"Progress is served by technology, not controlled by it."
"The world is not black or white, but a delicious shade of grey."
"Efficiency is paramount to success."
"The task at hand is the only one that matters."
"Feigning innocence is so time-consuming."
"Order exists because of me."
"Rudeness must be eradicated."
"I will not be misled."
"The luxury of mercy is one I cannot afford."
"Results are all that matters."
"I bargained my soul for the progress of Piltover."
"My skills eliminate the chaos of Piltover."
"Piltover will achieve its destiny."
"For the problems of Piltover, I am the solution."
"'Mercy' is not one of my protocols."
"Their mission will be terminated."
"Search input received."
"There are flaws in their code."
"Their errors will be their downfall."
"Their termination is inevitable."
"My orders are clear."
"Technology will be contained."
"I embrace my mission!"
"Oh, I'm not playing with you.
"The yoke of mankind looks good on you."
"Oh my... can someone put a sheet over this hat rack?"
"I am not one of your blunt object enforcers."
"Don't go looking for something you don't want to find."
"Did daddy buy you that gun?"
"Less hat, more pants."
"Belts? Is dressing like a commoner fashionable now?"
"The law protects when it is protected."
"How very... Noxian of you."
"You are behaving like an imbecile."
"You are not thinking far enough ahead."
"Child. I've considered every outcome, plan accordingly."
"'Hourglass kid'? Was 'sundial brat' already taken?"
"That little toy of yours won't help you when you're dead."
"Shush now! Leave the talking to the adults."
"You might be decent practice."
"It would have been better for you to stay dead."
"Do you have a formula for being better?"
"I suppose I must teach you a lesson."
"My blades are sharper."
"I've seen bigger tempests in my teacup."
"Heroes make such nice targets."
"So much time wasted on presentation."
"Your antics have become a liability."
"You know... I don't even believe in you."
"Your mistakes illuminate your naivete."
"Mediocrity is the root of all evil."
"Who let you out of your toy box?"
"Time to cut your strings, little puppet."
"Altruism is so insipid."
"Run along, girl, and mind your elders."
"Shall I wait while you consult your precious runes?"
"How about a taste of your own medicine?"
"Exterminating you would be a pleasure."
"Mmmh... it's like looking into a crude, boorish mirror."
"So direct; like most fools."
"Watch it, girl. I am your future."
"Ever wonder how you became an orphan?"
"Tell me. Is it the third arm that makes you extra-glorious?"
"Oh, your revolution is so... quaint."
"Your revolution has ceased to be useful."
"You have become an obstacle to progress. Time to remove you."
"You would look better as a rug in my foyer."
"Shouldn't you be on a leash?"
"Didn't your master teach you to heel?"
"We are all monsters. Now, you are just one on the outside."
"I'm the one who keeps the wolves at bay."
"You are quick, but I am quicker."
"Think ahead, or start digging your grave."
"I am a weapon. You're some sort of... pudding."
"All flash and no substance."
"Oh look, it's the worst of times."
"An island of ruination... heh, how glamorous."
"Resistance will get you killed!"
"Your upgrades will be your downfall."
"Changing sides will not erase your scars!"
"Flawed first generation."
"She was an easy target."
"Doubt still clouds your matrix!"
"Oh, your brother broke quickly."
"A shadow and an outcast."
"Your architecture is unstable!"
"Compassion is your flaw!"
"I see why they started over after you."
"If you don't have the talent to fight, at least have the decency to die."
"Find bravado where you can, while you can."
"Now you're just being... vulgar."
"Results speak louder than words."
"Your ignorance is showing."
"So many bodies, so little time!"
"A Noxian, a Zaunite and a Freljordian walk into my blade. The end."
"A joke? Hmm... What do you get when you cross me in a dark alley? Eviscerated."
"Don't beg for attention—it's unbecoming."
"Don't be funny, be useful."
"I hope you still think that's funny when I slit your throat."
"Rudeness is a sure way to an ugly death."
"In your case, intelligence seems like an unhappy accident!"
"I suppose wit varies with intelligence."
"Naw... Thinking for yourself must be difficult."
"Either attack or run, your indecision is repulsive."
"Mind your manners—or I'll mind them for you."
"I'm old enough to know better."
"A weapon's virtue is proven in combat."
"Your downfall has already been calculated."
"Mind your surroundings."
"Progress trumps suffering."
"Pattern breeds weakness."
"Hmph. You may thank me when this is over."
"Don't worry. I'm not finished yet."
"Seek my attention at your peril."
"Hostility works, if courtesy fails."
"Ego brings everyone to their knees."
"Excellence is a trait you lack."
"You will be forgotten before you're dead."
"Watch where you're going!"
"Who are you to try and stop me?"
"Your lack of strategy disgusts me."
"You do not want your name on my list."
"I find your skill lacking."
"This work isn't for amateurs."
"Let me be clear: I will kill you."
"Your limitations will be your downfall."
"You are utterly unemployable."
"Your feeble efforts are... disappointing."
"You are a means to an end."
"I know what I am. Do you?"
"Target neutralized."
"Do nothing if you wish to be nothing."
"Don't engage, if you don't seek to win."
"My motives are not your concern."
"I will make you an irrelevant detail."
"Purity of form, purity of function."
"You will cooperate."
"Your behavior is unacceptable."
"My orders are to eliminate you."
"Your arrogance will result in deletion."
"I find your competency lacking."
"Your mortal perceptions will betray you."
"You are about to experience system failure."
"You have been deemed... defective."
"Artificial intelligence can't upgrade natural stupidity."
"Fragmentation detected."
"You must be coded as a minion."
"Your source code is flawed."
"If life hasn't changed you, then you have failed."
"Complacency breeds death."
"The difference between success and failure is adaptation!
"You won't avoid the consequences of your actions."
"Winning means being better."
"The test of good manners is patience."
"The trick is to be clever and quick."
"Patience isn't a virtue, it is the virtue."
"Waiting yields the most reward!"
"Tut-tut! A lady never dirties her hands."
"Just waiting for my subroutine to kick in."
"Opportunity rewards those who wait."
"Patience is what separates good hunters from dead ones."
"Looks like I missed a spot."
"A professional is marked by precision."
"Precision is the only standard that matters."
"I am out of patience!"
"The future favors the versatile."
"There are two sides to every issue; my side and the wrong side."
"A sharp blade quickens the work."
"I'm coming to get you."
"Running will make no difference!"
"You will be where I want you to be."
"You lack strategic foresight."
"Second-guess yourself. You will still be wrong."
"Did you really think you could run?"
"Where are you going?"
"You and I will end this. Now."
"You will stay where I want you to stay!"
"For you, this will be over in a moment."
"Always dance with the one who brought you."
"Bloodshed and the upper class have always gone hand in hand."
"Ugh, today just got terribly bad for you."
"This is not your lucky day."
"I said, 'Good day'."
"That was mediocre at best."
"You are inconsequential, don't fuss so!"
"Ugh, at least die with some dignity."
"You could at least be civilized about dying."
"Think you deserve better? You don't."
"Don't take it personally; you were simply outclassed."
"This is what a professional looks like."
"Industry always triumphs."
"You are already forgotten."
"Your attempts are feeble."
"So many bodies, so little time!"
"Anomaly neutralized."
"Transmit: Objective complete."
"Status update: Target eliminated."
"Defragmentation complete."
"You had a defective operating system."
"Your logic was flawed."
"Death leaves no ambiguity."
"That was the sound of inevitability."
"Obviously, you weren't a learning computer."
"Mm, how do you say it? Hasta la vista, baby."
"Ashes, ashes, you fall down."
"Mm, that was less than stellar."
"Only command what you can enforce."
"You have become obsolete."
"That antique of yours is quite poor at close range."
"Bravado is contrary to civility. Much like boys."
"Should have brought your A-game."
"Your affinity with time has only afforded you more mistakes."
"Pay attention, boy. Maybe next time you'll get it right."
"Next time, take the map."
"A nimble blade wins the fight, but a keen mind wins the war."
"Looks like two blades are better than one."
"All bluster, no execution."
"My boy, no one cares about your silly little country."
"Is that the result you were looking for?"
"I suppose dying is the ultimate lesson."
"You should have relied on your weapons more."
"Today's forecast? Your death."
"Funny thing about heroes; they all end up dead."
"Showmanship has no place in battle."
"Better to be self-made than made to serve."
"Good luck in your next incarnation."
"Looks like you weren't the hero."
"And all the Noxian High Command couldn't put Riven together again."
"Scissors. Beats. Paper."
"Play in the shadows at your peril."
"This chemical equation has been neutralised."
"Bandle Scout rule number one: be better."
"Living another day was not in the cards."
"Ugh! Hideous little thing."
"All the class and manners I expect from a Zaunite."
"Never go full machine."
"That... was glorious."
"If blood fazed me, I wouldn't be very good at my job."
"Not all dogs go to heaven."
"You were a weapon? Boo-hoo."
"Monkey see, monkey die."
"The story of your sword is over."
"It's a fine line between deadly and dead."
"Ugh! I think I got some on me."
"Was that deception or were you really that careless?"
"Your technology has exceeded your humanity."
"Your connection has been severed."
"Efficiency at all costs."
"The machine will prevail."
"Humanity has proven... unnecessary."
"The others will crumble without you."
"The system clock has been reset."
"Your specs were adequate."
"You picked the wrong side."
"PROJECT's light grows dim."
"Consider your purity achievement unlocked."
"We have no use for a broken spirit."
"No-one mourns the loss of a traitor."
"You chose... poorly."
"Even Programs must be executed."
"Repair protocols are highly overrated."
"That wasn't so difficult."
"Is that fear I detect?"
"Professionals never second guess."
"Were you going to stop me? I didn't think so."
"The satisfaction isn't in the killing, but in a job well done."
"They do not pay me to make mistakes."
"Remove the strong and watch the weak crumble."
"Don't walk away—run."
"Anything worth doing is worth doing right."
"This is what problem solving looks like."
"I don't leave witnesses."
"When the foundation's rotten, the walls give so easily."
"Wait long enough and the cracks always show."
"Money makes everything easier."
"To the victor, the spoils."
"Fortune favours the wealthy."
"The right tool goes to the one with the heaviest purse."
"A proper lady employs many methods."
"Mission protocol upgraded."
"You are strong, but I am stronger.
"You can run, but it won't help."
"I am no one's puppet."
"Meekness was never a virtue of mine."
"You try my patience!"
"I am the only weapon necessary!"
"Time to thin the herd."
"Inattention to detail produces shoddy work."
"I have yet to be wrong."
"Better to sip regret than swallow death."
"There's always time for tea!"
"Character is revealed by when one retreats."
"Value yourself first, lest you be deemed worthless.
