"They shall tremble at my perfection."
"I see you lack judgement."
"With the just hand of law I enter the fray, unbound by this mortal pettiness."
"In me will rise the strength of a thousands swords... The fury of a thousand flames..."
"When I looked into my mother's eyes, I saw a paradise for the just and glorious. It is for that world I fight."
"These endless mortal cycles... Cruelty begets suffering. Suffering begets cruelty... It ends with me."
"Grant me the strength to forge by flame, a world beyond worlds."
"Here to make excuses for their darkness, sister?"
"Morgana is here. How I relish the opportunity to battle my dark shadow."
"My sister is here—to fall before me again, no doubt."
"Only the divine may judge."
"I do not fear the holy fire. I must become it."
"The moment justice bends, it breaks."
"To find grace, I cannot fall."
"I must feel nothing to fight injustice."
"This world was not made to last."
"To withhold justice, is a dark sin."
"On wings of fire, hope ascends."
"Truth, guide my sword!"
"There is right, and there is wrong. All else is rationalization."
"Mortals are blinded by their own misery."
"What is dark in me, I will illuminate."
"The righteous path begins with me."
"The divine path shows no footsteps."
"A clean cut divides darkness and light."
"Emotions are a weakness."
"The light of my devotion will set the world aflame."
"Where there is evil, I shall go."
"I took up my mother's sword, and with it, her purpose."
"The past is for sinners. The future is for the repentant."
"The just rise above this mortal soil."
"No human is perfect... but I am not human."
"I shall purify this land, with fire if I must."
"I cannot rest. I will not."
"Would that my path be true."
"I remember pain... It made me weak."
"If I slip, I will fall—and so I must fly."
"I will grow stronger..."
"I fly for the glory that shines above this caustic din."
"Excuses do not concern me, only actions."
"Only the innocent will be spared. If I can find any!"
"Celestial justice, guide my blade."
"The path to the light, is a lonely one."
"I am anointed in the fire of absolution!"
"They will break against my stalwart heart!"
"I was purified in the light."
"Burn all deceivers!"
"Wings of Immortal Flame, lift me from mortal temptation!"
"I am the Light and the Glory!"
"My sword is named 'Virtue', and it burns eternal!"
"The fallen will never rise again."
"Their deeds shall be weighed on the scales of stars!"
"My devotion is unbreakable!"
"I am born from the flame of their sins."
"Only the guilty need fear me."
"The just cry to the heavens. I answer."
"The law does not tolerate imperfection. I am no exception."
"To be human is to be imperfect, but I am not human!"
"I have given up everything for the light."
"Only the just walk the path of immortal light."
"The fire that illuminates, also cleanses."
"Make thyself devout, and eternal life is granted."
"Justice is swift when borne on the edge of a blade!"
"My flames burn only the unworthy."
"Today, it seems we must put our animosity aside."
"We've never been enemies, sister."
"How beautiful your mind must be to think such things."
"How tragic yours to believe them."
"Do not turn your back on me, sister!"
"Your sword is with me. Do you want it back?"
"Still playing with your little human pets, sister?"
"At least I haven't smited all my friends."
"Why have we wings, sister, if not to fly?"
"Why do we have feet if not to tread upon the soil."
"Remember strolling together in the woods, when we were girls?"
"Hmph. You never had any fear..."
"Are Yordles small children?"
"Or large... squirrels?"
"Let me grow stronger, that I might vanquish the forces of darkness. Let me transcend mortal frailty."
"I shall purge the dark within, and rise in glory!"
"Live long enough, and all lies crumble to dust!"
"I will bring justice to this world, no matter the cost!"
"Only those with malice in their hearts need fear the light!"
"Injustice is a festering rot; and I am its cauterizing blade."
"I shall purge this world of evil, and the fires of Justice shall vanquish the darkness!"
"The greater the evil, the greater its opposition!"
"If you were innocent, I would not be here."
"I am the consequence of your actions."
"There is no hiding from the light."
"You seem worthy, Garen. Now prove it."
"A throne won't save you from my judgement, "Highness"."
"Lux, the complicit are the worst sinners."
"Sister, have you come to defy me again?"
"Your power could save this world, Morgana; instead, it dooms you."
"Sister. Here to break my heart anew?"
"Better a broken heart than a  shackled soul."
"Are you following me or something?"
"Mother must be so proud of all your murders, Kayle."
"Not murder. Justice."
"What have you done with mother's sword?"
"What had to be done."
"Funny... You're on my list, too."
"You may have been innocent once, Sylas... No longer."
"You Demacians have lost your way."
"Are you a talking animal? Tiny mortal? Why are you so soft?!"
"Surrender to the light, and I will spare your soul!"
"Ready to be judged?"
"Still copying my hairstyle, sister?"
"It takes a cold heart to abandon your family."
"My cold heart is the reason we are alive."
"You hide behind your laws in arrogance, Kayle."
"My laws have more merit than your whims ever will."
"Do not run from your shadow, Kayle."
"Evil fears only fire! And Yordles, because, what even are they?"
"A thief, a murderer, and a corrupt guard, all walk into my sword. The end!" Kayle guffaws.
"Not even for your twin?"
"Fear the cleansing fire."
"Justice unyielding!"
"Stand and be judged!"
"Surrender and I'll make this quick!"
"Fire reveals truth!"
"I bring the light's wrath."
"The wicked shall fall!"
"The wicked shall burn!"
"Rejoice at your redemption!"
"Kneel before the light!"
"I deem you lacking!"
"This is your penance!"
"As evil grows, so shall I."
"These blades... my sanction!"
"The unrighteous will burn!"
"Behold, the righteous flame!"
"Oh, am I pure now, sister?."
"I bring the light's wrath!"
"Let loose the flame!"
"Drown in holy fire!"
"I am your salvation!"
"The worthy survive!"
"Redemption, in the light."
"I am your salvation!"
"Redemption in the light!"
"Buried with your transgressions."
"Thus, the mighty fall."
"Your guilt was clear."
"This world did not deserve you."
"Slain by your own sword."
"Feel something, anything!"
"Why do you think I wear armor, sister?"
"Think you're the only one?"
"I make my own justice!"
"And you damn yourself."
"Shielded from yourself."
"Shielded from yourself."
"How 'gracious' of you."
"I didn't say 'thank you'."
"The celestial realm awaits."
"I salute the Fallen."
"If I... Could see my sister..."
"They cannot kill justice."
"You shall be judged."
"I will bring you to Justice, Morgana!"
"Stay true in victory and defeat."
