"The Black Rose shall bloom once more."
"I have more important matters to attend to."
"You may be thinking that my face looks familiar. Perhaps you are right… or perhaps not."
"It is said that every rose has its thorns, but none are sharper than mine."
"Until you have witnessed both the beginning and the end of an era, your desultory opinions matter very little to me."
"It matters not whether you are my ally or my enemy."
"I have a plan. I won't hesitate to leave you behind, should you fail to play your part."
"Still looking for a throne, Ambessa? I fear that ship has long since sailed."
"Eugh… You must be another of  Vladimir's revolting experiments."
"Cassiopeia. You have sacrificed much for our cause; how much more are you willing to risk?"
"Elise, what news from the  Shadow Isles? What does the  Vilemaw see?"
"Your power grows, Mel. Let me help you unlock your true potential."
"You are only here because I permit it, Revenant! Remember that!"
"Ryze, you know what happens to those who walk away from the Black Rose."
"It pains me to see you like this, Sion… You deserved better."
"The people of  Noxus see only their 'Grand General', but I know who is really in control."
"I grow weary of you, Vladimir. You should remedy that."
"Smoke and mirrors. Shadow and steel."
"Vision. Might. Guile. It's almost comical how history repeats itself."
"The scenario plays out over and over again."
"History forgets, but the Black Rose remembers."
"The plan must be followed to its completion."
"The best lies are beautiful."
"Up is down and night is day, if I say it is so."
"I am the answer to every question anyone has ever asked."
"Secrets are coins better saved, than spent."
"Moving forward—never back."
"I have a… unique view of this world. Several hundred of them, in fact."
"Unforeseen turns are simply part of any path."
"The greatest threat to  Noxus lies within this upstart  Trifarix."
"They speak so casually of tyranny and oppression. They do not know what I have endured."
"I never asked for any of this, but I won't go back. Not now…"
"I'll make this quick."
"The pale woman is nought but a reflection of a people's deepest fears and insecurities."
"They call me cruel. Indeed… from a mouse's perspective, even a lazy cat may be evil incarnate."
"I remember when Noxii was a curse against those who dwelt beyond the Sun's light. Typical  Targonian hubris."
"I took a rabble of barbarians and whispered to them dreams of empire—and look at them now: insatiable, unstoppable."
"My former master believed in destiny, domination and deceit—failing to realize the last would be his downfall."
"Nothing burns as hot as the need for vengeance; especially when it has been stoked for centuries."
"Though the pieces move across the board, only a fool would expect the same tired strategies to yield different results."
"What manner of flower may thrive without sunlight or sustenance? I know the answer—and soon, so shall all of Noxus."
"Do not judge someone for what they are, but rather by what they do and say."
"Incompetent leaders can easily be deposed. It is those who follow them who are the real problem."
"Lies are like roses: marvel too long at the bloom, and one may miss the thorns benenath."
"The difference between the truth and lie can be… confusing to some."
"Do not trust someone who has never lost everything they care about."
"I am not looking for counsel. If I wanted a second opinion, I would simply ask myself."
"I could obliterate you where you stand. Convince me why I should not."
"Congratulations, you found me. Or have you?"
"Consider your next move very carefully."
"Sons, daughters, legacies. I'll take whatever you have, Ambessa!"
"Ambessa Medarda, you owe a debt that cannot be paid with gold."
"Who is caught in whose web, I wonder…?"
"This betrayal is disappointing, sister—but not unexpected."
"Tell me, Jarvan: what do you remember of your mother?"
"Ahh, the young prince! You have your father's eyes…"
"Katarina, still looking for father figures to disappoint?"
"Mel, your mother promised you the world, but I will give you eternity."
"I'll tear your family's name from the histories, Medarda!"
"I ended you once, you bastard! I will do it again!"
"You have something that belongs to me, rune mage."
"Such ambition, Jericho. Such… arrogance. I can work with that."
"Usurper…! You have ruined ten centuries of work!"
"The Du Couteau name is worthless, boy, aim higher."
"A tasteless homage to an unworthy role model, Veigar."
"Must we do this again, Vladimir…"
"Remember who it is you serve."
"You were the ones who brought the world to its knees? That seems unlikely."
"I have been warned against your kind, fallen one."
"I have bound and banished more of your kind than I care to remember."
"Look inside yourself, child of Noxus, and you will see me staring back."
"Revenge is a dish; the truth is a pit; words are weapons… Do you follow?"
"How does eternity in a sunless pit sound?"
"Dealing with you is… exhausting!"
"Right where I want you…"
"Go ahead—try to escape."
"Looks can be deceiving."
"Tricky, aren't you?"
"Surprised to see me?"
"I don't have time for this."
"Know your place, demon."
"This was not part of the plan."
"'Divide and conquer,' as it were."
"I am a sisterhood of one."
"I am everywhere; I am everyone."
"My sigil be upon you!"
"Bound to my service."
"You cannot hide from me…!"
"My knowledge of the arcane is unrivaled."
"This has gone on long enough."
"Those fools underestimate me!"
"You had every chance to turn back."
"May this be a warning to others!"
"You will not be missed."
"My regards to the  Wolf."
"And where is your god now, hm?"
"There is nothing more catastrophic to a kingdom, than an empty throne."
"So predictable—just like your mother."
"Clearly, you did not learn from your mother's failings."
"HOW MANY TIMES MUST I DESTROY YOU, REVENANT?"
" Tyrus was right about you."
"You showed such promise, Jericho Swain; what a waste."
"Well… your sisters will be upset by that, no doubt."
"Sleep now, little one, I will not give up on you."
"'Immortal'… and already outliving your usefulness."
"Almost too easy. Perhaps you're not the weapon I seek after all."
"If not me, then who?"
"If I must become the whole world's villain, then SO BE IT!"
"Mortal vanity, undone by magic."
"Bear witness to the fall of empires."
"I will not be held back by these meager defenses."
"A strange place to set up shop—and two merchants here, no less."
"In my experience, such artifacts do not belong in mortal hands."
"Tell me more about your business plan, shopkeep."
"There is little that escapes my notice."
"Nothing transpires here that does not serve my purposes."
"A new plan must be devised."
"Try as I may, I cannot always be everywhere at once…!"
"I shall consult with my sisters and return."
"There are preparations I must make."
"YOU HAVE… DOOMED US ALL…"
"Failure is instructional."
"My return should come as no surprise to anyone at this point…"
"My greatest strength is that there are so many of us…"
"No matter—I will try again."
