"I will bury the world in ice."
"All will kneel... in time."
"I see things clearly."
"I will restore Freljord's greatness."
"Plans within plans."
"There will be no thaw."
"Battles come and go. I am eternal."
"This world has forgotten true power."
"So many secrets, buried in ice."
"No one will remember them."
"They cannot fight the cold."
"This is but a battle. I've already won the war."
"The Watchers will return."
"I've killed so many queens I've lost count!"
"You really picked the wrong side."
"Kneel before me and I will unleash your power!"
"I've been killing your kind for centuries!"
"Surrender. My triumph is inevitable!"
"The world began in ice, and it will end in ice."
"Close your eyes, and let the cold take you."
"I make cold look... hot."
"I consider 'frigid'... a compliment."
"Is it cold in here, or is it just me?"
"Flesh freezes so easily."
"Succumb. It's inevitable."
"The cold will numb your pain."
"Your time has passed."
"You can't stop an avalanche."
"Feel the power of True Ice!"
"Your death serves greater purpose."
"Another frozen corpse."
"At last, our ascension is at hand!"
"The Iceborn rule Freljord!"
"The Howling Abyss, a bottomless crevasse surrounded by an ancient fortress carved into a glacier. No one remembers who built this place; no one knows its purpose; no one, but me. Long before  Ashe and  Sejuani, before magic shattered the broken peaks, before the desert swallowed  Shurima... it was the time of the Three Sisters. We were so young back then; Avarosa, Serylda, and me,  Lissandra. Back then, the frozen Watchers lived here. I do not know where they came from, but I know they were powerful. They gave us gifts, shared their magic, made us immortal... they named us Iceborn. In return we gave them whatever they desired; this mighty fortress, a vast empire; our loyalty. These were a small price to pay. Avarosa did not see it that way. Like a spoiled child, she cried out for freedom. She demanded choice. She sowed the seeds of rebellion and betrayal. This place is where it happened. On one side, the frozen Watchers; on the other, Avarosa and her Iceborn horde. Many Iceborn died that day, but in the end the Watchers fell. Avarosa drove them howling into the abyss. I never forgave her. I had my revenge, but that is another story."
