"But all my light puns would've brightened your day."
"Demacia must lead by example."
"I've been hiding my light long enough."
"The sun is shining; we should too."
"Together! For Demacia!"
"With my magic, and your anti-magic, there's nothing we can't accomplish."
"Being a hero kind of runs in the family."
"Taliyah, don't be afraid."
"I believe in you, not just Demacia."
"We're all so concerned about what Demacia is, we forget to ask what it can be."
"Home is where the spark is."
"The superior tactic is to never give up."
"Into battle with hearts aglow!"
"Everywhere I go, the light follows."
"I want to see everything."
"I don't have dark secrets; I have bright ones!"
"The world has seen enough darkness."
"Ooh, I've never been here before."
"If you can smile, you can be the light."
"Are we supposed to be... dating... or something? We've never even talked."
"Hey, sleepyhead, you coming to the fight or what?"
"Sibling rivalry... this will be fun!"
"I'm a Crownguard but you wear the crown. You're a Lightshield but I wield the light. But eh-uh-- I mean, metaphorically, your highness."
"Kat and Garen sitting in a tree~ And you better just be holding hands or I'm telling!"
"You brought the sun to a light fight?! That... was... probably a good choice, actually..."
"I'm sure your wife forgives you for getting her soul taken by a remorseless creature of darkness!"
"I don't get runes. I mean, are spells really that hard to remember?"
"Sona! I'm your biggest fan! I even know what an Etwahl is!"
"Who do you want to be when you grow up?"
"Does this make me a lightweaver?"
"You look like you need a hug... but is it okay if I hold my nose?"
"You condemn what you don't understand."
"Demacia and Noxus are just lines on a map."
"Do you ever charge into battle screaming, "NOXUS!" Aw, too bad."
"You know... you couldn't have shadows without light."
"Double rainbow... what does it mean?"
"Well, a double rainbow is a phenomenon of optics that displays a spectrum of light due to the sun shining on droplets of moisture in the atmosphere. Does that explain it?"
"Ahaha! I just got the joke!"
"Hello, person-who-irrationally-wants-to-kill-me! It's so good to meet you!"
"We should try being friends first, no?"
"You don't like me? Well, I'd rather talk to a statue."
"Burn away the shadows!"
"A beacon in battle."
"The light of Demacia!"
"Hope you like rainbows!"
"Curiosity's gonna kill one of us."
"Illuminate the enemy!"
"If you hate magic, you're already blind."
"Take courage in the light!"
"I have to focus, but I can't stop smiling!"
"Hey, who are you calling a lady?"
"Any excuse to twirl my wand!"
"For justice, and all things bright!"
"Never deny who you are."
"We're in this together!"
"Banish the shadows."
"No more holding back!"
"Would it help if I apologized?"
"The light will guide you—even now."
"Losing is just an opportunity to shine even brighter."
"We all shine on—like a diamond."
"The thing about light is... it never really dies."
"Let's have a brilliant battle!"
"There is always light in the darkness."
