"Destiny. Domination. Deceit."
"None can escape me."
"Naive men pray to the gods; they will learn to pray to me."
"I carve my kingdom beyond, from the ashes of nothing, no mortals, not even gods, will stop me from claiming what is mine."
"The world has tried to forget my existence, time to remind them why they fear."
"I have bent the realm of the dead to my will, this world shall be next."
"In the world beyond, blackened ichor filled a crumbling sky, as souls withered to nothing. But I refused to fade."
"I alone am the bastion between eternal existence and oblivion."
"Soon, Nightfall shall feast."
"Every soul shall serve."
"I march towards endless glory."
"Fools fear death, the strong wield it."
"I raise my iron fist to subjugate the living."
"I promise eternity."
"The ungrateful call me tyrant, the wise call me lord."
"Mortals plan in fear for tomorrow, I build for eternity."
"The unworthy are dust, doomed to wither and fade."
"I forged Nightfall from mortal terror."
"Only the worthy receive the gift of Nightfall's kiss."
"Malice never wanes."
"Let the foolish curse me."
"Ah, life is a bitter shame."
"Lives are temporary, I stand eternal."
"The dead belong to me, the living shall be next."
"Shed the frailty of flesh, embrace the cold edge of iron."
"Twice slain, thrice born."
"All will bend their knee in fear and fealty."
"I will grind their petty souls into mortar."
"Weaklings cower in the light, I bring eternal darkness."
"I will silence the incessant thrum of mortal hearts."
"Death does not tire."
"I sunder the natural cycle, so that all may be preserved."
"I left the husk of mortality behind."
"All mortals reek with the stench of decaying flesh."
"All will die, all will be mine."
"Their gods cannot save them, from me."
"Flesh constrains, iron liberates."
"All souls are forfeit."
"So many blunder on with a false sense of purpose, I shall sunder them from their lies."
"The din of the living world, the silence of the hereafter, I rule it all."
"Once I suffered a mortal body, now I am iron incarnate."
"Some fear me, others worship at my feet, all will serve."
"I am surrounded by weak and petty souls, clinging to flesh."
"Resist or give in, your end is the same."
"You will be far more useful in death."
"Your false gods cannot save you."
"You claim strength, Darius? Prove it."
"Pathetic glory seeker."
"False kings cower beneath false crowns, a true lord takes what he will."
"Death has no meaning, Karthus, all that matters is one's purpose beyond it."
"Flimsy blades and fancy footwork won't save you Katarina."
"Ah, the Black Rose, I remember your petty manipulations."
"Clutch your borrowed power, Grand General. Your soul is already mine."
"Ah, Veigar, such exquisite torment I gifted you."
"Vladimir, you are nothing but a stain splattered on the pages of history."
"Noxians claim strength? Pathetic."
"The same magic that chains you to this realm frees me to walk between."
"You too shall serve me, spirit."
"I know your secrets, little ones. Even you cannot escape me."
"Death by my hand is a blessing."
"Death is my kindness."
"Thus begins the slaughter."
"Crush and enthrall."
"Death is salvation!"
"Accept your demise."
"Bow before your damnation!"
"You are already doomed."
"Surrender to death."
"Iron stands eternal."
"See the truth and despair."
"Destruction unchained."
"Enter the crucible of anguish."
"Through the darkened gate."
"Mine for all eternity."
"Welcome to oblivion."
"Enter and abandon hope."
"Finality approaches."
"Your eternity begins."
"Such meaningless struggle."
"You were correct to fear."
"In the end I claim all."
"A fine addition to my domain."
"What I want, I take."
"Harvest the worthy, discard the chaff."
"Clearly your ambition outpaced your ability."
"All shall serve the true lord of the living and the dead!"
"Iron shatters stone."
"All things raised by mortal hands will fall."
"These monuments mean nothing to me."
"Cherish the respite."
"My return will seal their doom."
"The realm beyond beckons."
"I refuse to fade..."
"A fleeting delay of the inevitable..."
"You... have earned my attention..."
"My will is once again bound to iron."
"Death cannot hold me."
"Unfettered by mortality."
