"It's 'Miss Glasc'... if you value your life."
"I won't hold my breath."
"Ah, my favorite part of the job: product testing."
"Every fashionable Piltovan owns at least one of my products. So trusting, so naive."
"Work for me or work against me, it doesn't matter. Everyone comes to my side eventually."
"Alright, I've got companies to buy and a city to crush, so let's make this quick."
"The difference between medicine and poison is the dosage. Allow me to demonstrate."
"I remember starving in the sump, a pathetic little nothing of a girl. Look at me now!"
"My decanter is just one more pawn to push."
"Progress comes at a price others aren't willing to pay."
"All my parents left me was my name. Now, it's worth millions."
"I used to have rivals, now I have business partners."
"Ugh, the air is so much thinner up here."
"I don't forgive debts, and I never forget them."
"Most chem-barons are lackeys who failed upward."
"Zaun is not beneath Piltover, no matter how it may appear."
"I don't need to get my hands dirty. Oh, but I do enjoy it."
"Competition is for the weak. I dominate."
"Ambition isn't greed."
"Piltover will suffer for its crimes against me."
"Wealth writes the laws that governments enforce."
"Zaun deserves more."
"Who said chemtech can't be beautiful?"
"There's a reason I call the shots."
"Empires aren't built on 'enough.'"
"No one even thought to invest in chemtech before I did."
"Power can be bought, much like loyalty."
"Piltover doesn't deserve the Sun Gate."
"She who controls the Sun Gate controls the world!"
"The other chem-barons fear my reach, as they should."
"Throw scraps to the hungry, and they thank you for the feast."
"Years of investing in Zaun has paid off handsomely."
"It's expensive to be poor. But when you're rich, they just give you things."
"Piltover coos over perfumes... while Zaun struggles to breathe."
"Hard work is its own reward. *Laughs* No, it's the money!"
"I gave out breathers in exchange for Zaun's loyalty. Hah, those dividends are priceless!"
"I provide people with two options: do what I want, or do what I want but with more steps."
"When my parents handed out their cures, they asked for nothing, so we had nothing. Kind, but foolish."
"Money can't buy happiness? Only someone born rich would agree with that."
"I love my city. But if I had to burn down Zaun to smoke out Piltover, well..."
"Let's not waste my time, hmm?"
"I prefer my takeovers to be hostile. Indulge me."
"Ah, good. I can write this off as a business expense."
"Bold of you to stand against me."
"If you're not working for me, you're working against me."
"Do you know who I am? If you don't, you will."
"You'll come around to my side with the right incentive."
"We don't have to be enemies. Let me change your mind."
"Two alchemists were murdered over thirty years ago, Camille. Do you remember them?"
"How are your parents, Ekko? If only you'd let me help them."
"Where were you when we needed you most, Janna?"
"Entertaining as you are, Jinx, you're wasting both your time and your talent."
"I bankrolled your pistols' makers, Samira. Those guns are mine by right."
"Sing your little songs of unity while you can, traitor."
"We could have done great work together, Singed. Pity."
"Piltover will fall to me, Swain, not to Noxus."
"Doesn't matter how loud you bark or how hard you bite, Vi. A lap dog's a lap dog."
"You forget whose money made you what you are, Viktor."
"Zeri... Perhaps I might have been more like you if my parents had survived: poor and weak."
"I will choke your city and laugh as they suffocate, Piltovan!"
"'I'll make you kill your loved ones' is a more effective threat than any gun."
"Why must you be so constantly irksome?"
"I mean, it's one health potion. What could it cost, ten thousand gold?"
"Go away, my dear. Pray for a sense of humor."
"Oh, I love it... Hahahahahahaha!"
"High-class chemtech."
"Your value's dropped!"
"Don't hold your breath!"
"You know what to do."
"Don't make me ask again."
"I'll bill you later!"
"Now, this is synergy."
"Disrupting the market!"
"Kill them and suffer!"
"You work for me now!"
"Time to make some new business partners."
"Ready to take control."
"Remember who helped you in your hour of need."
"I'm sure my parents would be proud."
"Loyalty is rewarded."
"Someday I will call upon you to do something for me."
"Nothing's free. All I ask is your loyalty."
"Let the world know of the generosity of Renata Glasc."
"I have no regrets, but I bet somebody does."
"Ah, the price of progress."
"You don't deserve nice things."
"Never cross Renata Glasc!"
"My profit, your loss."
"This is why all my products are five-stars."
"It's just business."
"Let's see hextech do that!"
"Your hextech won't save you."
"Give my parents my love, won't you?"
"You were regrettably expendable, my dear."
"The work is never over, and I love my work!"
"Alright, let's go make my accountant cry!"
"Is that a stain? Ugh, now I need a whole new suit!"
"I expect to see progress when I get back."
"The boss shouldn't have to be in the factory for the work to get done."
"Finally... I can see them again..."
"Mistakes were made."
"This decanter had better be indestructible, or somebody is getting fired!"
"No! I will not die before Piltover falls!"
"Time to collect what I'm owed."
"Blood is a big expense. Luckily, I'm rich."
"I'll make them forget they ever saw me stumble."
"They ought to thank me."
"A worthy investment."
"A charitable donation."
