"I am the vanguard of Ixtal's protection."
"You've already lost."
"I have seen the rise and fall of countless civilizations. This is but one moment among many."
"War is a weapon of the weak. I rupture the earth and bring devastation."
"For generations, I have defended Ixtal. I will defend this land, too."
"You want my protection? Prove yourself worthy, and it is yours."
"This world is blinded by wrath and ruin."
"It is through my sovereignty that Ixtal continues to survive."
"Only I am willing to do what is necessary."
"Ixtal's enemies—my enemies—will tremble at my name!"
"I left my brood many millennia ago."
"The threads of movement thrum beneath me."
"I have seen the worst this world has to offer."
"Peace is a fragile thing."
"I know what danger stirs beyond Ixtal's borders."
"I will be the last one standing!"
"I am no mindless beast."
"The sins of mortals are paid with the blood of their progeny."
"I am the first  Yun Tal, and I will be the last."
"To walk among people... I have missed this."
"I am always listening."
"I may have faded into legend, but I am no mere story."
"Icathia, Shurima—civilizations fall while I endure."
"I carry my broodmother's name with pride."
"To protect what is mine, I will tear this land to shreds."
"I am the last bastion of Ixtal."
"How I've missed the songs of nature."
"Even here, I am alone."
"Beyond the jungle, lies a wasteland of pain and suffering."
"I sacrificed everything for Ixtal, and in return, Ixtal has given me its trust."
"Mortality breeds fear; fear decays into destruction. An endless cycle, an infinite curse."
"Mortals are so precious. Like young brackerings, they must be protected, until they can safely leave their broodmother's back."
"My adornments are tributes from my people; a sign of their deference and love."
"Not all Yun Tal can be trusted: I will silence any who plot against me—against Ixtal."
"Life is a desperate struggle to carve meaning from a brief existence."
"I feel movements in the vibration of the earth; like threads, they are plucked and thrum."
"I lead not through fear, but through wisdom and respect."
"I live beneath the earth, where I hear everything above. There, I listen... and wait."
"I yearn for the days when Ixtal lined the streets to see me... adore me... love me."
"Mortals squander their short lives—slaughtering all they can for a modicum of power."
"I am Skarner of Clan Ọ̀pal-hin, progeny of broodmother Nixalẹ, and I will be your undoing."
"Against me, you are nothing."
"I will live an eternity. You, an instant."
"You may request my counsel, but I do not have to accept."
"Your impact on this world is but a grain of sand in a vast desert! Let me show you."
"You invited your own end, Azir."
"I stand between my people and your appetite, Bel'Veth. Starve."
"Master Saijax, show me the final echo of Icathia's hope."
"Ne'Zuk's creation—Malphite, you are but a shard of your former glory."
"The 'gentle flame'? You carry a traitor's fire."
"Qiyana, daughter of the Yun. I know what mutiny you plot in the shadows."
"An 'armordillo'? ...No."
"You weave stone, Taliyah; I command it."
"Zyra, I will uproot you from this world like a weed."
"Ascension is but a desperate grasp for power! I will rip it from you."
"From Ascended to Darkin—this corruption was always your fate."
"Child of Ixtal, I will show you my vision of the future."
"I will excise your corruption from this land, Voidborn."
"What was that? I hear only the rumbling of rocks."
"What did I just—oh, oh... oh, disgusting."
"I sentence you to one million years in the dungeon."
"Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeh..." Skarner beatboxes.
"You dare challenge me?!"
"I will shatter you!"
"Life bows to my command."
"My resolve is stronger."
"I will silence your appetite."
"Your death will be my blessing."
"Nature fights, because it must."
"Bless me, Sentinel, or perish."
"Bend to my will, you pebble."
"A false herald to a silent crowd."
"You herald your own demise."
"You're nothing but a glorified serpent."
"Lend me your primordial fury."
"Sovereign of dragons, I will break you."
"Voidborn, I am the arbiter of your demise."
"Your pain, my reward!"
"Feel the threads of vibration!"
"Life is violent; death is merciless."
"Your defeat was inexorable."
"This body lies before me as a sacrifice."
"You are no threat to Ixtal now."
"You die in service to me."
"Your corpse will be a warning to those who would defy me."
"Only false gods bleed, Azir."
"Drown within your lavender sea, 'empress.'"
"As worthless as your name, 'Malphite.'"
"Even the gentlest ember can ignite a wildfire, Milio."
"Believing yourself my equal was your undoing, Qiyana."
"Someone remove this thing from my sight..."
"Taliyah, in death, you've woven your own shroud."
"Shurima sees you for what you truly are, Ascended. Embrace the fall."
"The gilding of the Ascended, cracked to show the rot within."
"Rest, child of Ixtal. No one can hurt you now."
"ALL CRUMBLE IN THE WAKE OF MY CALAMITY!"
"I have wandered too far from home."
"I hear the cries of my people...!"
"No! I cannot die! I am eternal—!"
"I will keep them safe... I must..."
"They will not live to repeat that mistake."
"I will repay them in kind."
"I rise from the earth."
"I am ancient; I am eternal."
"I am the end and the beginning."
