"Fear the power you do not see."
"Do not confuse cowardice for wisdom."
"You can sit on a throne, that doesn't make you a ruler. It only means you have an arse."
"I have seen this place... A vision... A battle."
"The outcome was decided when they brought an army; and I brought a demon."
"If they already call me a villain, what will they call me when I succeed?"
"It is just as the spies described... A pity I had them executed."
"I look out upon humanity, and see only a feast."
"Dispatch these worms."
"I fought the dragons once... Now I have become one!"
"To end the world with fire. To rule with flame."
"At last, I may reveal myself to the dragonslayers."
"Dead men tell tales that only I can hear."
"No quarter. That means 'no mercy' you cretins."
"A black flag above Bilgewater. A raven's wing."
"An assassin is due at any moment. It is how I know LeBlanc cares."
"Destiny marches—like any man."
"There is always a choice. The truth is no exception."
"A calculated risk is no risk at all."
"Decisions have consequences. This I know well."
"One can read the future in battle lines, assuming one can read."
"We are at war. Do not forget it."
"The mud on our boots will hide the bloodstains."
"A Noxian knows who he is. And what he must do."
"The few, for the many."
"Is it not enough for Noxus to be strong?"
"To redraw the map, the blood of soldiers must be the ink."
"I cannot lead if I allow fools to stumble about before me."
"I suppose I should be grateful they have the decency to fear me."
"They expect me to play fairly... We aren't even playing the same game."
"When their lives flash before their eyes, so do their secrets."
"I could kill them all. But it would be far crueler to show them that I am right."
"They are blind to the cold logic of this world."
"I have killed more men with words than by my own hand. Not for lack of trying."
"Tell me again all the crimes I've committed, and I'll tell you the price of victory."
"A new vantage, is all the advantage I need."
"The more they try to kill me, the more they reveal I am on the right path."
"They are five steps from realizing: I am ten steps ahead."
"Would they even struggle to survive, if they knew what was to come?"
"I've heard what they call me. What a waste of their final words."
"I was born a patrician. I became a soldier."
"Never make a bargain with a demon... that you intend to keep."
"It is not the visions that haunt me—but what I do not see."
"What is one more demon, when I already have so many?"
"I peer through the darkness others fear."
"A riddle wrapped in a mystery, hidden within us all."
"A voice whispers in the shadows. Though few can hear it."
"The old wounds ache. They are reminders."
"Hmph... I do so enjoy explaining things to idiots."
"The shadows of our empire, are cast by a raven's wings."
"After the battle, the ravens feast."
"Drive them from the battlefield!"
"We have the momentum."
"Who is it we're fighting? I only see their backs."
"Any man who must say 'We are winning'… is not truly winning."
"Leave the survivors to their officers."
"They flee Noxus on the roads we built!"
"One more push, and they will break."
"Master fear, to master the dragon."
"Dragons cannot inherit the earth... If it is already theirs."
"They falter before my dragons."
"Every moment we do not kill them, their advantage grows."
"They move swiftly, for all the coins weighing them down."
"The dagger is at our throats. But their hands quiver."
"They think they have won. Prove them wrong."
"Are you not children of Noxus?"
"Do not fight for conquest, fight to survive!"
"I too refuse to kneel... But it is only a matter of time."
"They will not break. Perhaps they will burn."
"The battle is yet to be decided."
"Patience is a virtue, but it has its limits."
"The advantage is ours, if we take it."
"A stalemate. How quaint."
"Not losing is not winning either."
"A truce in all but name."
"It is wise to fear the future. It belongs to them."
"Humankind. Dragonkind. Both hang in the balance."
"A standstill. One would never know the world burns around us..."
"It is better to be feared than loved, Vastaya.
"I don't know if you're the wisest being I've ever met, or a pile of mouldering blankets."
"Ah yes, Cassiopeia. I admire your commitment to... metaphor."
"Your trust may be misplaced, old friend. But it is appreciated.
"It was only a matter of time, Darius. Do what you must."
"You stood by me when I was outcast, so I stood by you when you were drunk. In spite of the stench.
"Fame has gone to your head, and found ample room within."
"Am I to seek revenge for my poor departed arm? If anything girl, you did me a favor."
"The mind is the weapon. You are unarmed."
"Do they know who killed your father, or do they still blame me?
"If you take me, you will leave Noxus with something far worse."
"We both move pawns in a grand game. And look at that—It seems I'm winning."
"You see every flaw in me and you do not even blink. A bit unwise, wouldn't you say?
"Life would be boring without surprises. You, certainly keep things... interesting."
"I suppose this makes us enemies with benefits."
"People often ask for a hero, when a villain is what they truly need."
"The Vastaya blood is not in my veins. It is on my hands."
"The best armor is being forgotten; and you my dear... are quite forgettable."
"There can be no balance with a hand on the scale."
"Why is he still alive? Another one of Darkwill's loose ends."
"'Beware ravens'? The words of a fool who knew nothing of demons."
"Your message is your power. You have learned nothing."
"Thorns in my side, but your flower is truly something to behold."
"All roads lead to Noxus—but all visions, to Demacia."
"There is nothing noteworthy about Demacia, but that in itself is worth noting."
"You will find this delicate morsel, quite capable of fighting back."
"The world may fall to darkness. But Noxus, will remain."
"I would not ask of anyone what I would not do myself."
"Every day I rule, Noxus becomes a more perfect expression of my will."
"The demon is always in the details."
"There can be no unity without purpose; and there is one all men are born to."
"When you run out of insults, try steel."
"You're the only man I know who believes his own words, even after he's said them."
"If you plan on listing my crimes, mind you do not die of asphyxiation."
"I have to know who has a crush on whom."
"Which one of you is  Beatrice again?"
"Caw caw caw caw caw. There, are you satisfied?"
"My birds are hungry."
"I'll eat your soul myself."
"I am not smiling, I am threatening to smile. It is still a threat."
"I own birds cleverer than you."
"The right to rule, held, in my hand."
"Pity stays the hand of the merciful, but not mine."
"You dare oppose Noxus?"
"Weak of body; weak of mind."
"This is the least of my crimes."
"The ends of war are death."
"Diplomacy is a subtle art."
"And to think, they called me a 'cripple'."
"Incompetence surrounds me."
"Try to die with dignity."
"Strength is the only teacher."
"Do not try my patience."
"If you insist on dying."
"A conquered nation, is a loyal one."
"We must remind them of their place."
"You lack discipline."
"A petty squabble for pettier men."
"I will not tolerate interference!"
"This will be my offering."
"Sacrifices must be made."
"You would do well to die, before my ravens find you."
"In death, the veil is lifted."
"Their whispers itch at the back of my mind."
"What have the ravens brought me?"
"I am not done with you yet."
"Your soul was already mine."
"The fire of conquest."
"Their memories burn away."
"Fellfire within us."
"Mere flame remains."
"Bring me their spark."
"She claimed it was the Frost Queen's grave. They believed her."
"What is this about... siblings?"
"My my, does your dear grandniece know what C has been up to?"
"The payment for her suffering in Shurima: a black rose."
"No daughters. Only soldiers."
"A glimpse, mere seconds into the future."
"A vault empty of relics, but filled with corpses."
"She's spurned so many suitors. A wonder they did not see why."
"His secrets died with his sculptor."
"Ignorant of the very magic you carry into battle. How Demacian."
"His blood is the only useful thing about him."
"Faces fading in the flames. It was all her fault."
"The first oath. The one she made to  him."
"So he's heard the rumours:  the girl who came back."
" He asked her to do what she could not. To kill me."
"A child who had known only hate, confuses it for love."
"Which is the greater tragedy, that she fell in battle, or that she fell in line?"
"So many obsessed with the hero. Tell me of the hammer."
"Her arch-rival, a tuskvore? How undignified."
"She held their hands as they died, hoping they would drag her with them."
"The echo of a soul... Only pain brings it back."
"I already knew that."
"Your eloquence: seasoning for a repetitive feast."
"She feared what she could not understand: herself."
"She was closer than he realized."
"They fight the mist above the seas, never looking beneath."
"An empire, built atop centuries of murder."
"Creatures of darkness that grant power to their hosts? How original."
"Shaped by humanity, a reflection."
"They squabble as the winds howl, and the wards fade."
"Magic spills from their land like blood from a wound."
"The truth beneath the gilding. Only war can bring profit."
"A king remains in the mist, and another marches."
"Those born of magic rarely realize its curse, until it is too late."
"A pattern, spreading... It has learnt to be alive."
"Suffering pools in the depths where children play."
"That, is one way to surrender."
"Another piece cleared from the board."
"Death is its own prophecy."
"Another disappointment."
"The raven was a portent. Their time had come."
"The sooner we kill them all, the sooner we can leave these forsaken wastes."
"The Leviathan belongs to me!"
"Their lives are the plunder."
"A bit presumptuous to consider us... 'rivals'.
"Predictable, as always."
"One less enemy within."
"You were no longer useful."
"In death, you will kneel."
"This is not even my final form."
"Let us end the siege."
"One less place to hide."
"Their defences crumble."
"Stone is not strength."
"What Noxus takes, it will defend."
"Let them find hope in the rubble."
"Prepare, and victory is inevitable."
"All according to plan."
"A one-armed man needs all the help he can get."
"More important than heroes, are deeds."
"Witness the strength of Noxus!"
"Worth its weight in lives."
"A monument to our victory."
"It is mine, or it is no one's."
"We have civilized the beast."
"More than men must kneel to Noxus."
"Its strength is ours."
"Death comes to even the most fierce."
"I almost pity the brute."
"A savage roar, silenced."
"Congratulations. We've outsmarted a beast."
"You've exceeded my expectations."
"Perhaps a promotion is in order. How would you like your own warband?"
"I owe you a debt. ...That is not as ominous as it sounds."
"Gathering intelligence."
"I suppose it's easier than conquering a demon."
"I never stop planning."
"A raven's eye view."
"More than what we do not understand, we fear being understood."
"Some say the darkness stares back... because they cannot see me."
"The more I see, the more I realize how much remains hidden."
"Secrets whispered in the shadow... have a way of reaching my ears.
"I often kill in my visions, when I close my eyes. Do not come near."
"Only this, and nothing more..."
"I have already walked the halls of death, in the Immortal Bastion."
"They think they have won? Pathetic."
"A minor setback; nothing more."
"Am I reborn? The truth is rarely so simple."
"It is still watching."
"It is there in the silence after battle. It is there in me."
"Bear witness to the strength of Noxus!"
"Your tactics were cunning!"
