"Know the loom. Be the stone."
"The ground here conceals a mighty power."
"Every tapestry begins with a single stitch."
"Time to apply what I've learned."
"Time to roll up my sleeves."
"The sun rises... I must go!"
"A bird's trust is not in the branch."
"The stone here is amazing!"
"Even the smallest stone can start an avalanche."
"The earth here... such colors."
"Keep your eyes on the horizon and your feet on the ground."
"The earth calls, and I must answer."
"I can't squeeze much more from the stone."
"Sometimes I wish rocks could give pep talks."
"I know all of this will lead me home someday."
"The desert's beauty lies beneath the sand."
"A tribe without tradition is a flock without a shepherd."
"The world is my loom, and every stone my thread."
"What an interesting pattern."
"Best to keep moving."
"Just when I start to appreciate the view, it is time to move on."
"I must finish my task."
"What magnificent stone."
"Every pebble holds infinite potential."
"If I stumble, I have the earth to catch me."
"So long as the desert blooms, there is hope."
"My journey is not yet at an end."
"Oh, look, a rock... and another... and another!"
"Need to break some new ground. Literally."
"This world is a tapestry of our own making."
"The sparrow flies against the wind."
"I'm not going to learn anything just standing around."
"Nothing ventured, nothing learned."
"No use staying in one place."
"The earth hides many secrets."
"I have found my quarry."
"I keep moving, but my feet are on solid ground."
"'Rubble Rouser'. That could be a cool nickname."
"Every stone weaves a different story."
"What I need is some fresh material."
"To conquer our fears, we must move forward."
"True learning is just a stone's throw away."
"The Great Weaver says every lesson is a gift."
"Fresh stone for a fresh start!"
"Standing still is more dangerous than moving forward."
"I should not tarry."
"Every pebble holds infinite potential."
"Not all who wander are lost."
"Distance means so little when family means so much."
"The stone here is so beautiful."
"Hard work polishes the roughest stones."
"The ground's a bit unstable here."
"Time for a clean slate."
"Nothing like a fresh patch of earth to clear the head."
"Great! New supplies."
"It is up to all of us to see beauty in the bare stone."
"I'm the rock the river cannot wash away!"
"This world is frayed, and in need of mending."
"Best way to stay warm is to keep moving."
"The snow sparkles like desert stars."
"The sight of glaciers takes my breath away."
"Nothing beats walking on fresh snow."
"I long for the warmth of the desert."
"The snow falling is a thing of wonder."
"The ice is beautiful."
"The Freljord isn't barren, but waits to be revealed."
"The mountains breathe beneath the snow."
"I traded dunes of sand for drifts of snow."
"Sounds like somebody needs a nap."
"There is much to learn from the mountains."
"I see the beauty in the snow."
"Playtime is going to get a little rocky."
"Queen, do not forget your people."
"The tribes of the Freljord must unite."
"Even the smallest stone can shake the heavens."
"Your servants will resist."
"There is no empire without the people."
"Better to build on stone than sand."
"Remember there is stone beneath your sand."
"Shouldn't you be home polishing your Sun Disc?"
"Shurima will live on without you."
"You forget your people."
"We have prospered without you."
"Close to the ground, the sparrow flies faster than the falcon."
"My father was a shepherd too!"
"You love goat's milk? I love goat's milk!"
"This is how the desert repays thieves."
"You have poisoned your own heart."
"The sands have revealed your true form."
"Noxians... why did it have to be Noxians?"
"You are the scourge upon our world."
"Did the earth move for you too? Did I just say that out loud?"
"Don't be silly. Scarecrows don't talk."
"Don't worry. I don't stay in one place for long."
"Beauty is no excuse for so much suffering."
"You're no artist, just a hired gun!"
"Tell us what we need to stand against those creatures."
"Are Icathia's secrets truly the key?"
"Life and death are two ends of the same thread."
"The glaciers will resist the darkness!"
"The ice rebels against your corruption!"
"Sedimentary, my dear Malphite."
"I've crushed bigger rocks than you."
"Even rock gives under the right pressure."
"You have betrayed our people to chaos."
"The stone of Shurima will stand against those creatures."
"Worry is a heavier burden than stone."
"Even the most barren desert blooms in time."
"Do not give up before the journey is finished."
"Our future is not yet off the loom."
"You sure you're alright?"
"You sure you're okay?"
"You breed chaos like a rabid Ralsiji!"
"You will stalk the sands no more."
"I will mend what you have sundered."
"Stone sealed your tomb once. It will again."
"Your resurrection has twisted your mind."
"This time, rock beats paper!"
"Conquest will turn the tribes against each other."
"There is more to living than fighting."
"He may be your blood, but we are your people."
"You have a choice, Sivir."
"Do not turn your back on what is right."
"Is it hard to be the protector of so many?"
"I feel your tribe sleeping below the earth."
"I know the power that lies beneath."
"Ooh, you're pretty. Guys can be pretty, right?"
"Your pattern weaves nothing but chaos."
"How's that for dirt in your eye?"
"Want to examine some stone up close?"
"It is the shepherd's duty to drive the wolf away."
"You are nothing but a sheep in wolf's clothes."
"Yours is the ill wind that begat his wrath."
"I knew we'd meet again."
"I've learned much since we last met."
"Master Yasuo, remember me?"
"Let me show you what I've learned."
"You are out of your depth."
"The mountains of Ionia taught me much."
"Let the training begin again."
"My learning continues."
"We will not trade the yoke of one empire for another."
"The promises of Noxus are nothing but lies."
"You are nothing but plunderers and poachers."
"The earth will rip itself apart before it falls to Noxus."
"Noxus promised learning, but delivered only bloodshed."
"I will take no part in your war machine."
"We are stronger than you think."
"You are not wanted here."
"I'm not afraid of you."
"You're not a problem, you're a learning opportunity."
"Maybe I'm here to teach you something."
"Go ahead, push me. We'll both find out what I'm made of!"
"You're never too old to learn something new."
"Brace yourself. I hear winter is coming."
"Huh. I guess that's funny where you come from."
"My father always said I was a shepherd's nightmare."
"That looks like it hurt!"
"That was pretty much... amazing."
"Either way, I'm going to learn something from this."
"Like threading a needle."
"One stone at a time."
"Leave no stone unturned."
"Maybe I'm your lesson."
"The best defense is a strong foundation."
"My gift, my responsibility."
"Don't mess with a stoneweaver."
"Even rocks can be unpredictable."
"Alright, I've got this."
"Every rock tells a story. This one might be painful."
"Looks like you're stuck between me and a hard place."
"I've given up too much to let you stop me."
"It will take more than you to break me."
"I meant to do that... mostly."
"I am the stone beneath your feet."
"You underestimate me."
"Experience is the best teacher."
"How's this for throwing stones?"
"Looks like you've got a thing or two to learn yourself."
"Our paths have woven together for a reason."
"Sometimes, learning hurts."
"Control, control, control..."
"Okay, great, that is actually what I wanted to have happen. For once."
"You pulled the wrong thread."
"Mastery is a journey. Here's your first lesson."
"A rock in my hand is worth two in your face!"
"Every lesson is a gift."
"Oh, good, just what I need."
"Courage is stronger than stone."
"I'm... kind of amazing."
"Beware falling rocks!"
"Know what makes snowballs more fun? Rocks!"
"Yes! I mean... cool. Totally cool."
"The greatest danger lies beneath the ice."
"Even mountains can crumble."
"Let me break the ice for you!"
"The glaciers see you tremble."
"Cold does not forgive."
"Ice and stones will break your bones."
"Ice betrays the sure-footed."
"How about a snowball fight?"
"I looked for your kind at the ends of the earth."
"Your fire is nothing compared to the desert heat."
"Wow... you're tall."
"As before, we will stand against you."
"If at first you don't succeed, throw another rock!"
"Problems should be broken up into little pieces!"
"I told you to stand back!"
"You've strayed too far!"
"Maybe you should go over there!"
"Never dismiss what's beneath your feet."
"It's never good to run from your problems!"
"You're standing on shaky ground!"
"Let's shake things up!"
"Better to build from the ground up!"
"Time to divide the flock."
"How amazing is this?"
"Time to go with the flow."
"You can run from a landslide, I prefer to ride it!"
"This... is... amazing!"
"That... may have gotten away from me!"
"You have to try that!"
"Great, now who am I going to learn from?"
"I guess they learned their lesson?"
"A stone can't be polished without a little friction."
"Five birds, one stone."
"Some walls were meant to come down."
"That... was... amazing! Let us see if I can do it again!"
"Learning is always faster with the right tools."
"Better safe than sorry."
"Glad they had this in stock."
"Glad I could pick this up."
"Oh, great, I needed this."
"Never hurts to be prepared."
"Ooh, I need one of those."
"Time for a sigh of relief."
"Every girl needs a good pair of boots."
"Time to fight magic with more magic."
"Rocks should really come with an instruction manual."
"These boots were made for weaving."
"Huh, towers are stone too. Interesting."
"One more reason to keep moving."
"Time to go big or go home."
"Time to throw the book at them too."
"Some hats speak louder than words."
"Let's see what I can pull out of this hat."
"Diamonds really are a girl's best friend."
"The Great Weaver protects me."
"A little chaos should shake things up."
"That sand reminds me of home."
"Time to see the pattern in the weave."
"Clear vision brings hope."
"This should make the pattern easier to follow."
"A rock in the bush is worth five in the hand."
"Choices. Those are my only true possessions."
"I think I've learned what I need to here."
"The warmth of the desert calls me home."
"I must push myself harder next time."
"Feels good to be back."
"There's no place like home."
"No choice is written in stone."
"Tastes like sunshine."
"Almost better than goat's milk."
"Time to make vision a reality."
"Girls with dreams become women with vision."
"Action without vision is a nightmare."
"Vision guides the thread."
"Clear vision is best when there are many paths."
"You cannot be what you cannot envision."
"Shared vision unite the tribe."
"Big dreams require a lot of vision."
