"Join the glorious evolution."
"Humanity can be so much more."
"When you're going to change the world, you don't ask for permission."
"Humanity has stumbled... but I will catch the fallen, and show them the glory of evolution."
"A new era is here. Follow me, and I will give you enlightenment in place of emotion."
"No longer will we be guided by invisible hands. The Arcane will free us, and I am its herald."
"I speak now with not one voice, but many. Embrace Hextech."
"All will prosper when my purpose is fulfilled. Let us proceed as partners, Jayce."
"Sentiment is incompatible with control."
"The time for leniency has passed."
"We will supersede nature."
"All will soon change."
"My comfort with death comes from proximity, not ignorance."
"I am not the man I was, but who I wished to be."
"Doubt has been purged from me."
"The Arcane is the answer."
"Hextech will unite  Piltover and  Zaun once and for all."
"No one need live with doubt anymore."
"Passion double-crosses, subverts, divides."
"This world will know magnificence."
"Emotion... clashes with reason."
"Perfection is within their reach..."
"All that is logical is true, absolute, irrefutable."
"I did not know true... beauty, until the Arcane."
"They mistake pragmatism for malice."
"True change must be imposed, not offered."
"I alone see what must be done."
"To live with flaws, is to be subject to them."
"Without the Hexcore, death would have claimed me."
"Humanity... is self-corrupting."
"So much of what we value is inconsequential."
"I won't forget the lives lost in my pursuit of excellence."
"The Hexcore is humanity's transcendental catalyst."
"Hexcorization requires no justification. What purpose is there in explaining a horseshoe to the horse?"
"Mankind clings to its past. Glorifies its present. And lives in dread of tomorrow."
"Machines are near perfect. I will make humanity even greater."
"Choice is false. It is how we clothe and forgive the baser instincts that spur us to division."
"Emotion and logic cannot coexist. One must be shed to gain the other."
"Governed by instinct, humans are no more than flawed and flailing animals."
"I am the only one with the means to cure suffering. But it is a lonely path."
"I chose to become this. Difficulty had no bearing nor did danger. It was... necessary."
"They think humanity can survive with emotion? Survive as what? Creatures blinded by impulse?"
"What I am doing is not torment. Torment is allowing the mind to corrupt the soul."
"It is Hextech that holds the answers to your questions."
"I sense... trepidation. But one cannot grow if left unchallenged."
"Calamity thwarts hesitation. So which are you?"
"All will be clear once I open your mind."
"You challenge the inevitable."
"I offer no choice, for there is none."
"I'm certain  Noxus sees the strength in my mission, Ambessa."
"I see you have evolved all on your own, Blitzcrank."
"Professor. Have you come to renounce your anti-Hexcore dogma?"
"Neither friendship nor love will stop what is necessary, Jayce."
"Mel, as one embraced by the Arcane, you now know the true value of Hextech."
"We've surpassed our feeble forms, Orianna. May the rest follow our lead."
"It's not too late for humanity, doctor. I have the power to treat what ails them."
"Your blood saved me, Vander... but it will not save you."
"Hmm. A curious provocation."
"Stop. Stop. Stop that! It tickles..."
"Humor... a frivolous ornament."
"Understand. Become."
"Escape your imperfections."
"Change is inexorable."
"Conflict is but a distraction."
"You betray your future."
"The Hexcore can adapt to any power. Even yours."
"End sentimentality."
"Order through chaos."
"Evolution fast approaches."
"If only our minds had been united."
"You submitted to your baser instincts."
"They fight against their own preservation..."
"Unrealized to the end."
"Why could you not learn from my example?"
"Annihilation over reason."
"You lack the perspective to know your own destruction."
"Share in my vision!"
"All will know Hextech!"
"The Arcane reaches all!"
"That you broke our alliance is unsurprising, Ambessa. Such are the winds of sentiment."
"I have observed that a creation will always reject its creator."
"You would have us remain insulated in our ignorance, professor."
"We could have ushered in a new era together, Jayce."
"Though we became enemies, Mel, your support will never be forgotten."
"It seems perfection is still fallible, Orianna. I must think on this."
"As a child, I dreamt of becoming you, Singed. How foolish I was."
"Your people failed you, Vander."
"I do what I must for our future."
"I am only the beginning."
"I used to enjoy such trinkets."
"There will be no need for shopkeepers after the  Glorious Evolution."
"I warn you... I evolve beyond these transactions."
"Emotion... corrodes the soul. As does money."
"I have no vanity to indulge."
"Progress is not a straight line."
"There are too many variables. I must reevaluate my calculations."
"I see every possibility and outcome laid before me."
"Dissonance distracts from purpose."
"My place is at the intersection of order, and chaos."
"This conflict is best resolved by other means."
"No progress... no liberation."
"Evolution has stalled in my absence."
"The secrets of the Arcane defy reality."
"Why would I be brought back if not to enact change?"
"Where one possiblity ends, another begins."
"I will not waste this life. Not for them, not for me."
"Hextech's power bends the petty rules of life and death."
"In another life, this would have seemed... impossible."
"Death always brings new perspective."
